[docs] Adding Links to Learn (#6611)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/install/index.html.md

along with SHA256 sums to verify the binary. We also distribute a PGP signature
with the SHA256 sums that can be verified.

> The [Getting started guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/getting-started?utm_source=consul.io&utm_medium=docs) provide a quick walk through of using Consul on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/getting-started/install?utm_source=consul.io&utm_medium=docs) provide a quick walkthrough of installing and using Consul on your local machine.
```
